&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;When creating this game I got inspired by mobile games like temple run and "Flappy Bird" (in terms of moving and looping background). Although I got inspired by those games, I still wanted my game to be distinct and not a direct copy in terms of gameplay or design. In order to be distinct in terms of design and atmosphere I choose a city setting. And in order to be distinct from games like Flappy Bird, I limited the player's movement to 3 lanes. This limitation might be a controversial choice, however, I believe it was the right call because otherwise the road might have felt too small to have fully independent controls. I also got inspired from some 3D games like Helicopter Game 3D to make it so that the game speeds up as time goes on. In the case of my game, I coded it so that when a car passes the left side of the screen the speed of cars increase.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The essential goal is to achieve the highest score you can, by either collecting coins or by dodging cars (you get points when a car gets out of the left side of the screen). As the time goes on, the speed of the cars will slowly increase as well. Meaning that essentially an infinite run is impossible. However, as the player gets better at the game they can continue to achieve higher and higher scores. Also, to prevent the game from feeling dull, I added a city background noise and a chill music. The shifting of the character from one lane to another is considerably fast, this way the player doesn't feel like the game is unfair, because the player knows that they had enough time to react and enough time for the character to shift from one lane to another.
